7.0 TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES USAGE POLICY

Employees should always exercise good judgment in using Technology Resources.
Our Technology Resources should never be used for any document or
PAGE 82
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

communications that could be viewed as malicious, obscene, threatening or
intimidating; that disparage customers, clients, suppliers, vendors, or other
employees; or that might constitute harassment or bullying. Examples of such
conduct might include offensive Internet posts meant to intentionally harm
someone’s reputation or emails that could contribute to a hostile work
environment on the basis of race, sex, disability, religion or any other status
protected by law or Company policy. If you receive such messages from individuals
outside Rouxbe, please delete them and do not forward the messages to others.
Employees may not use Technology Resources to transmit, store or download
defamatory or threatening messages or “chain letters.”
Employees are prohibited from the unauthorized use of other employees’ access
codes to gain access to their computers, email and voice mail messages with the
intention of making system modifications or to alter, view, create or display
information for an improper purpose.
Violation of this policy or misuse of our Technology Resources may lead to
disciplinary action up to and including termination.
In summary:
● You agree to use all Rouxbe Technology Resources in compliance with this
Policy.
● You will not use any Web-based form of email (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo mail,
Hotmail) except the email designated by Rouxbe for business purposes
unless for the use of performing your job duties. Furthermore, no elements
should be downloaded without consulting the IT department in advance.
● You will not download software without the prior permission of Information
Systems.
● You will not download Internet utilities (such as Active X controls) unless
they are approved in advance by Information Systems.
● You will not use “push” technologies or any other continually updating Web
tool.