5.11 CONFLICT OF INTEREST/CODE OF ETHICS

Rouxbe's reputation for integrity is its most valuable asset and is directly related to
the conduct of our officers and other employees. Therefore, employees must
never use their positions with us, or any of our customers, for private gain, to
advance personal interests or to obtain favors or benefits for themselves,
members of their families or any other individuals, corporations or business
entities.
We adhere to the highest legal and ethical standards applicable in our business.
Our continuing obligation is to conduct all our business activities in a manner
deserving of the trust our customers have placed in us. Our business is conducted
with the strict observance of both the letter and spirit of all applicable laws and
the integrity of each employee is of utmost importance.
Our employees shall conduct their personal affairs in such a fashion that their
duties and responsibilities to our organization are not jeopardized and/or legal
questions do not arise with respect to their association or work with our
organization.
All employees should look at themselves as being brand ambassadors for the
Company. You should never be in a situation or appear to be in a situation where
you are taking advantage of confidential information. Confidential information
includes information about customers and Rouxbe, its plans, programs, and
business plan.
Employees must also treat each and every Company supplier with the same
respect and integrity they offer our customers and fellow employees. Without our
suppliers, the Company cannot operate. They are our partners and we employees
should treat them as such.
Employees of the Company may not solicit money, gifts or other considerations
from a customer, supplier, employee or other business-related party. Company
employees are not permitted to receive money, gift certificates, gift cards or any
other form of generic cash equivalent of any value from customers, suppliers or
other business-related parties. Questions as to the appropriateness of a gift, event
PAGE 61
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

or other considerations, as well as any exceptions, this policy must be addressed
by the Controller or Management.