6.5 PRIVACY COMMITTMENT

At Rouxbe we have a long-standing practice of protecting the privacy of our
employees in all of our business operations. The Rouxbe Privacy practices
summarized below are designed to ensure that all your personal information will
continue to be protected.
The BC Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA) sets out rules for how
organizations can collect, use and disclose employee’s personal information. We
have developed our Rouxbe Privacy Policy to comply with PIPA and are committed
to being accountable in the treatment of personal information and for the
principles outlined in this policy.
Every organization subject to PIPA must have a Privacy Officer. The Rouxbe Privacy
Officer is the CTO with copy to the Controller.
Personal Information
Personal information means information about an identifiable individual, such as
someone’s name, home address, social insurance number, sex, income or family
status.
PAGE 70
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

Employee personal information is information that is collected, used or disclosed
solely for the purposes reasonably required to establish, maintain, manage or
terminate an employment relationship between an employee and Rouxbe. This
includes information such as name, home address, educational history and
employment history. This does not include contact information or work product
information (see below).
Contact information means information that allows an individual to be contacted
at work. It includes the name, position name or title, business telephone number,
business address, business email and business fax number for the individual.
Work product information is information that is prepared or collected by an
employee as part of that individual’s work responsibilities but does not include
information about an individual who did not prepare or collect the information.
General Purpose
Our two general purposes for collecting personal information are:
1. To manage and develop our business and operations, including personnel
and employment matters; and
2. To meet legal and regulatory requirements.
These two general purposes include the following specific purposes for which we
collect personal information about employees:
a. To manage, develop and retain a highly skilled, professional, and
productive workforce that produces our business success. For example, we
collect personal information about employees making staffing and employee
development decisions, to measure and reward performance, and to assess
our human resources to meet our business objectives.
b. To administer compensation, benefits, incentive and departure programs.
For example, we collect and record personal information to manage our
PAGE 71
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

compensation and benefits programs.
c. To provide a safe and respectful workplace as required by law and Rouxbe
policies. For example, we keep records of safety incidents, hazardous
occurrences, accidents, and injury reports to provide a safe work
environment and comply with the law.
d. To protect and manage corporate assets. Use of network services are
logged (voice, email and Internet) and video surveillance is used in some
building locations with the primary objective of enhancing employee and
property security.
e. To meet legal and regulatory requirements. We are required to collect
certain information such as a social insurance number for Canada Revenue
Agency payroll purposes. We would collect information in response to a
court order or any government-required reporting.
Disclosure of Personal Information
There are a variety of circumstances in which we disclose some personal
information about employees to outside parties. The following are some
examples:
a. Employee information collected in one Rouxbe business unit may be shared
with other Rouxbe business units for the purposes identified above and is
limited to the minimal information necessary.
b. To administer compensation, benefits, pension and termination/severance
programs, we disclose employee information to financial institutions,
insurance providers, government departments and agencies such as the
Canada Revenue Agency or outplacement services.
c. To WorksafeBC for injury claims.
d. For staffing and retention purposes, personal information may be provided
to consulting, compensation research and analysis, recruiting, or executive
PAGE 72
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

search firms. In some circumstances, employee resume data may be
disclosed to specific business customers when Rouxbe is bidding on work.
e. When required by law, or contractual obligations, we may disclose employee
personal information to agencies including the Employment Standards
Branch, WorksafeBC, creditors, the Privacy Commissioner or the B.C. Human
Rights Tribunal.
Protection of Personal Information
In order to protect your personal information and your right to privacy, Rouxbe
will:
a. Not collect, use or disclose your personal information to anyone outside the
organization for anything other than a legitimate business purpose or legal
requirement, except with your consent except where it is legally authorized
or required by law to do so without consent.
b. Protect your personal information with appropriate security safeguards
c. Protect the confidentiality of your personal information when dealing with
other companies
d. Keep your personal information as accurate and up to date as is necessary
for the purposes identified above.
e. Respond to any request you may make for access to your personal
information. In certain exceptional situations, Rouxbe may not be able to
provide access to all the personal information that it holds about an
employee. If access cannot be provided, Rouxbe will provide the reason for
denying access.
Employee Consent
The acceptance of employment and benefits by an employee is viewed as consent
for Rouxbe to collect, use, and disclose personal information about the employee
PAGE 73
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

for the purposes identified above.
The new privacy legislation gives employees the right to withdraw consent, at any
time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. This right
protects employees from having their personal information collected
unnecessarily or for an unreasonable purpose.
Rouxbe views the purposes identified as reasonable and necessary to manage our
business effectively. Therefore, Rouxbe will continue to collect, use and disclose
personal information for these purposes.
Employees are considered to have given implied consent when Rouxbe’s purpose
for collecting, using or disclosing personal information would be considered
obvious and the employee voluntarily provides personal information for that
obvious purpose. In the case of employee personal information, PIPA allows
Rouxbe to collect, use or disclose employee personal information without consent
if it is reasonable for the purposes of establishing, managing or terminating an
employment relationship between Rouxbe and the employee. In such cases, PIPA
requires Rouxbe to notify employees of the collection, use or disclosure.
Retaining Personal Information
Rouxbe will keep personal information used to make a decision that directly
affects employees for at least one year after we make that decision (or as required
by PIPA). Rouxbe will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to
fulfill the identified purposes or as long as required for a legal or business purpose.
Accuracy of Personal Information
Rouxbe will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the personal information we
collect, use or disclose is accurate and complete. Employees may request the
correction of any errors or omissions in their personal information under Rouxbe’s
control. Upon receiving the new information, the employee’s personal information
will be updated as soon as reasonably possible.
Employee Access to Personal Information
Employees have the right to access their personal information under Rouxbe’s
PAGE 74
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

custody or control. Rouxbe will give employees their personal information and
inform them about the ways in which their information is or has been used, and
the names of the individuals and organizations to which their personal information
has been disclosed. In some cases, Rouxbe may not give an employee access to
certain personal information where authorized or required by PIPA to refuse
access.
Employees of Rouxbe may complain about the treatment of their personal
information directly to the Controller or, if not satisfied with the response, they
may complain to the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for
British Columbia.
To Find out More Information
If you have any questions or concerns about Rouxbe’s privacy practices, you can
talk to the Privacy Officer or Controller.