2.5 NON-HARASSMENT

We prohibit harassment of our job applicants, contractors, employees, customers,
vendors or any other third party by another employee, supervisor, vendor,
customer, or any third party. Any form of harassment (actions, jokes, words or
comments) based on an individual’s race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, marital status, partnership status, veteran status,
citizenship status, national origin, disability or any other characteristic protected
by federal, state, provincial or local law will not be tolerated in the workplace. We
have zero tolerance for harassment and are committed to a workplace free of any
harassment. This policy prohibits inappropriate conduct even if it does not rise to
the legal definition of harassment.
While it is not easy to define precisely what harassment is, it includes: unwelcome
verbal, visual, or physical conduct creating an intimidating, offensive, or hostile
work environment that interferes with work performance. Harassment can be
verbal (slurs, epithets, threats, derogatory comments, unwelcome jokes and
teasing), graphic (including offensive posters, symbols, cartoons, drawings,
computer displays, or e- mails) or physical conduct (including physically
threatening another). Because it is difficult to define unlawful harassment,
employees are expected to always behave professionally and in a respectful
manner.
Sexual harassment, like other forms of illegal harassment, is against our policy and
is prohibited under federal, state, and provincial law.
We firmly prohibit sexual harassment of any employee by another employee,
supervisor or third party. Harassment of third parties by our employees is also
prohibited. The purpose of this policy is not to regulate the morality of employees.
PAGE 16
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

it is to assure that in the workplace, no employee is subject to sexual harassment.
Sexual harassment of an employee will not be tolerated and is unacceptable in the
workplace and in any work-related settings such as business trips and business-
related social functions.
Any employee who feels that he or she is a victim of such harassment should
immediately report the matter to the Controller. If the Controller is the cause of
the problem, or if he or she seems unwilling to resolve the issue, then contact the
next level of management. We will investigate all such reports as confidentially as
possible. Adverse action will not be taken against an employee because he or she
reports or participates in the investigation of a violation of this policy. Violations of
this policy are not permitted and may result in disciplinary action, up to and
including termination.