5.14 EMAIL, VOICEMAIL AND INTERNET MONITORING

Rouxbe provides a virtual environment that encourages the use of computers and
electronic communications as essential tools to support business. Depending on
your situation, you may be supplied with Rouxbe equipment to help you complete
your daily activities. In using our computers and electronic communications
systems, including, but not limited to, email, access to the Internet, phone mail,
and fax machines, it is important for all employees to be aware of the policy
regarding responsible use. You must ensure that this technology is used for proper
business purposes and in a manner that is responsible and does not compromise
confidentiality of proprietary or other sensitive information.
You do not and should not have any expectation of personal privacy in any matter
created, received, sent, or stored on the Company’s computer or electronic
system, including but not limited to, email, voicemail, fax server, and the Internet,
whether or not the matter is designated as private or confidential.
Email and Voicemail
The email and voicemail systems are intended for business use only. Email
correspondence and voicemails are the property of Rouxbe. For business
purposes, management reserves the right to enter, search and/or monitor the
private Rouxbe email and voicemail systems and the files/transmissions of any
employee without advance notice and consistent with applicable state and federal
PAGE 62
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

laws. You are to always act as an ambassador of our brand.
Rouxbe's policies against sexual and other types of harassment apply fully to the
email and voicemail systems. Violations of those policies are not permitted and
may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Therefore, you
are also prohibited from the display or transmission of sexually explicit images,
messages, ethnic slurs, racial epithets or anything which could be construed as
harassment or disparaging to others.
You should not use unauthorized codes or passwords to gain access to others'
files. Violation of this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including
termination.