4.4 MILITARY LEAVE

Individuals who risk their lives to serve in the military deserve appreciation and
respect from everyone when they return to their civilian careers. Under the
Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Act (USERRA), any
employee who is absent from work because of “service in the uniformed services,”
will be given the necessary time off and reinstated in accordance with federal and
state law. An employee who is a member of the Armed Forces of the United States
or in state military service would be defined as: on active duty, active duty for
training, initial active duty for training, inactive duty training, or on full-time
National Guard duty.
The time off will be unpaid, except where state law dictates otherwise. Exempt
employees may be provided time off with pay when necessary to comply with
PAGE 36
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

state and federal wage and hour laws.
Accrued PTO may be used for this leave if you choose. Military orders should be
presented to your supervisor and arrangements for leave made as early as
possible before departure. You are required to give advance notice of your service
obligations to us unless military necessity makes this impossible. You must notify
your supervisor and the Controller of your intent to return to employment based
on the requirements of the law. Your benefits may continue to accrue during the
period of leave in accordance with state and federal law.
Return from Leave
Employees seeking re-employment following a period of covered USERRA service
must either return to work or apply for re-employment within a specified time,
depending on the duration of their leave as follows:
Thirty days or less: You are eligible for reinstatement if you report for work by the
first regular workday that occurs at least eight hours after your physical return to
your residence after completion of your military service. If you cannot meet the
above deadline through no fault of your own, you can report as soon as
reasonably possible.
Thirty-one days to 180 days: You must submit an oral or written application for re-
employment no later than 14 days after completing service, or, if unable to do so
through no fault of your own, by the next day that it is reasonably possible to
submit an application.
More than 180 days: You must submit an oral or written application for re-
employment no more than 90 days after completing service.
Reinstatement
Upon completion of military service, you will be reinstated with all the rights and
benefits you would have had if you had remained continuously employed.
If you return following 90 or fewer days of military service, you will be re-
employed in the position in which you would have been employed had there been
PAGE 37
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

no interruption for military service, if you are qualified to perform that job. If you
are not qualified to perform that job, reasonable accommodation should be
provided to help qualify you. If this reasonable accommodation fails, you will be
reinstated to the position you held prior to taking military leave.
If you return following more than 90 days of military service, you will be re-
employed in the position in which you would have been employed had there been
no interruption for military service, or in a position of equal seniority, pay and
status provided you are qualified to perform one of those jobs. If you are not
qualified to perform that job, reasonable accommodation should be made to help
qualify you. If this reasonable accommodation fails, you will be reinstated to the
position you held prior to taking military leave.
You will not be reinstated if any of the following occur:
● The circumstances of Rouxbe have changed so that re-employment is
impossible or unreasonable.
● Your employment prior to the military leave was for a brief, non-recurrent
period with no reasonable expectation that the employment would continue
indefinitely or for a significant period.
Benefits Upon Return to Work
Time spent while in uniformed service will be treated as covered services for the
purposes of seniority, 401(k) eligibility and vesting, and benefit accrual purposes.
Time spent on uniformed services will also be treated as time worked for purposes
of determining eligibility under FMLA.
Disability
Rouxbe will reasonably accommodate an employee who returns from a military
leave with a disability incurred in or aggravated during military service, to the
extent covered by law.
PAGE 38
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

Additional information regarding military leaves may be obtained from the
Controller.