6.2 WORKPLACE VIOLENCE

Violence or threats of violence by an employee or anyone else against an
employee, supervisor or member of management will not be tolerated. Despite
being mostly, a virtual organization with limited physical interaction on a daily
basis for most, workplace violence is still an important matter, especially as it
pertains to verbal abuse. The purpose of this policy is to minimize the potential
risk of personal injuries to you at work and to reduce the possibility of damage to
our property in the event someone, for whatever reason, may be unhappy with a
Rouxbe decision or action by an employee or member of management. We are
committed to working with our employees to maintain a work environment free
from violence, threats of violence, harassment, intimidation, and other disruptive
behavior. Such behavior can include oral or written statements, gestures, or
expressions that communicate a direct or indirect threat of physical harm.
If you receive or overhear any threatening communications from an employee or
outside third party, report it to your supervisor at once. Do not engage in either
physical or verbal confrontation with a potentially violent individual. If you
encounter an individual who is threatening immediate harm to an employee or
visitor to our premises, contact an emergency agency (such as 911) immediately.
All reports of work-related threats will be kept confidential to the extent possible,
investigated and documented. Employees are expected to report and participate
in an investigation of any suspected or actual cases of workplace violence.
Violations of this policy, including your failure to report or fully cooperate in
Rouxbe's investigation, may result in disciplinary action, up to and including
immediate termination.
PAGE 67
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

If you have obtained an Order for Victim Protection that includes Rouxbe as your
workplace, immediately provide a copy of the order to the Controller or your
supervisor. Orders for Victim Protection include the following types of court
orders – protection order, no contact order, restraining order and anti-
harassment order.