4.6 FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE POLICY

In accordance with appropriate federal and state family and medical leave laws,
Rouxbe provides all full-time employees up to 12-weeks of unpaid leave during a
12-month period to care for a newborn or newly- adopted/foster child, to care for
a spouse or domestic partner, child or parent with a serious health condition, or
for your own serious health condition when you are unable to perform the
functions of your job. A “serious health condition” is an illness, injury or other
physical or mental condition that involves an overnight stay in a medical care
facility, or continuing treatment by a health care provider, e.g., more than 3-
consecutive days absent, chronic conditions, etc.
Under the federal the Family and Medical Leave Act (“FMLA”), leave under this
policy also may be taken for a “qualifying exigency” when your spouse, son,
daughter, or parent is on or called to active duty in support of the U.S. Armed
Forces from the Reserves, National Guard or from retirement, or for reasons
relating to an active-duty service member. Leave may be used in a consecutive
block, or intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule when medically necessary
or otherwise approved by Rouxbe.
The 12-month period for determining family or medical leave entitlement is
calculated from the first day leave is taken looking forward 12-months.
To be eligible for this leave benefit, you must be employed for a minimum of 12
months and have worked at least 1,250 hours during the 12 months immediately
preceding the requested leave and be located at a site with at least 50 employees,
or collectively within a 75-mile radius. You are required to give a minimum 30-day
written notice requesting leave for reasons of birth, adoption/foster placement, or
planned medical treatment for serious health conditions. Whenever 30-day notice
is not possible, you are required to inform Rouxbe as soon as practicable by
notifying HR.
Rouxbe requires you to apply all your applicable paid leave benefits, e.g., vacation,
sick leave, while initially on leave under this policy, and before such time off is
designated as unpaid. Your health insurance benefits will continue during your
absence at the same level and conditions as if you were continuing to work, and
PAGE 42
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

until such time that your leave ends or you inform Rouxbe that you will not return
to work, whichever occurs first. You remain responsible for any premium amounts
normally contributed toward your health care coverage, including dependent
coverage.
Rouxbe may require certification of your need for leave, a fitness-for-duty
certification prior to your return to work, and/or other medical re-verifications,
where applicable.
Upon the completion of your leave under this policy, you will be restored to your
former position or to an equivalent job with equivalent pay, benefits, and other
conditions and privileges of employment.
If you are the spouse, child, parent or next of kin of a military service member who
has a serious illness or injury from active-duty service, Rouxbe provides up to 26-
weeks of leave under the federal FMLA while the service member is undergoing
medical treatment, recuperation, therapy, or is otherwise in outpatient status, or
on the temporary disability retired list. This form of leave also applies to eligible
family members of veterans for up to five years after the veteran leaves service for
a serious illness or injury incurred during active duty. This 26-week maximum is
available only during a single 12-month period starting from the first day that such
leave is taken and is combined with other FMLA leaves taken during the same
period, i.e., not offered in addition to other FMLA leave periods.
Rouxbe will notify you about your eligibility and designation of approved leave
under this policy.
Available leave under this policy may be taken in addition to the actual time
period a woman may need for time off due to her temporary disability related to
pregnancy or childbirth. Approved time off to care for domestic partners will not
count under the federal FMLA, because the FMLA does not include domestic
partners in the definition of immediate family members. This form of leave relates
only to coverage under the State Family Leave Act. Approved time off to care for
same-sex spouses will count under the FMLA, because the FMLA includes same-
sex spouses in the definition of spouse.
PAGE 43
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

Please contact the Controller with any questions or need for more information
about this policy.