7.1 MOBILE EMAIL DEVICE AND/OR USE OF UNMANAGED

COMPANY DEVICE
PAGE 83
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

When you as an employee choose to use a personally-owned device to access
your Rouxbe email account and/or when you choose to use a device, such as an
Apple iPad® or iPhone®, that is unmanaged by Rouxbe IT staff, you must
understand that certain expectations are placed on you and Rouxbe may take
certain actions in exchange for access to Rouxbe’s networks.
You acknowledge:
● When using a personally owned device, you are responsible for configuring
the device to connect to Rouxbe’s network. Rouxbe may provide instructions
and some assistance, but such instructions may not be specific to all
approved mobile devices.
● Rouxbe will require you to use a PIN or password to ‘lock’ your mobile
device.
● Rouxbe may terminate your ability to access your Rouxbe email account on
your personally owned device at any time. Whenever access is terminated
for any reason, Rouxbe will erase the entire contents of the email account
including contacts, email and calendar access.
● You must notify the IT Department if your mobile device is lost or stolen so
that action can be taken to limit the risk of exposure of Confidential or
sensitive information. Please notify the IT Department by emailing
engineering@rouxbe.com immediately.
● When using a personally owned device, you are responsible for all expenses
incurred by use of the device, including, without limitation, monthly access
fees, roaming charges, usage fees of any kind, taxes, etc.
● You understand and agree that Rouxbe may implement additional controls
relating to your accessing Rouxbe systems using mobile devices as Rouxbe
determines may be necessary to protect the systems and store information
at any time.
● You agree to accept all risks of loss to your personally owned mobile device,
or the software or data stored on the device. Under no circumstances will
Rouxbe incur any costs of any kind relating to lost or damaged data or
software, whether or not such costs are foreseeable.
PAGE 84
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25