4.13 401(k) QUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLAN

Rouxbe provides eligible US based employees with a 401(k) Qualified Retirement
Plan which is an excellent means of long-term savings for your retirement. The
employer’s contribution, if any, is determined by Rouxbe on an annual basis.
All employees who are hired must meet certain eligibility requirements to
participate in the 401(k) plan. An employee must work for the Company for 90
days and be at least 18 years old to be eligible. Once the time and age
requirements have been met, the employee can begin to participate on the next
plan entry date, which is the first day of the month. The employee may contribute
up to 100% of pre-tax or post-tax earnings through automatic payment deferrals.
All contributions are subject to the annual dollar maximum set by the IRS each
year.
The Company offers eligible employees the opportunity to participate in our 401(k)
retirement savings plan. While the Company currently provides
matching contributions to employee 401(k) accounts, the Company
reserves the sole and absolute discretion to determine the amount,
timing, and continuation of any matching contributions. The Company
may modify, reduce, suspend, or eliminate matching contributions at
any time, for any reason, without prior notice. Matching contribution
PAGE 47
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

decisions will be made based on business needs, financial
considerations, and other factors as determined by Company
management. Participation in the 401(k) plan and any associated
Company matching contributions should not be considered a guarantee
or entitlement. Employees should refer to the current Summary Plan
Description for complete details regarding plan eligibility, enrollment
procedures, and current matching practices.
Employees may obtain a copy of the summary plan description, which contains the
details of the plan including eligibility and benefit provisions, from the Controller.
In the event of any conflict in the description of the plan, the official plan
documents, which are available for your review, shall govern. If you have any
questions regarding this plan, see the plan administrator.