6.4 DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY

Rouxbe has vital interests in ensuring a safe, healthy and efficient working
environment for our employees, their co-workers and the customers we serve.
The unlawful or improper presence or use of controlled substances or alcohol in
the workplace presents a serious safety and health risk not only to the user, but to
all those who work or come into contact with the user. For these reasons, we have
established as a condition of employment and continued employment with
Rouxbe the following substance abuse policy.
You are prohibited from reporting to work or working while using illegal or
unauthorized substances. Illegal substance means any substance defined as illegal
under state and/or federal law. You are prohibited from reporting to work or
working when you use any controlled substance, except when the use is pursuant
to a doctor's orders and the doctor advises you that the substance does not
adversely affect your ability to safely perform his or her job duties.
PAGE 68
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

In addition, you are prohibited from engaging in unlawful or unauthorized
manufacture, distribution, sale, possession or use of illegal substances and alcohol
including on our paid time, on our premises, or while engaged in our activities. You
are also prohibited from reporting for duty or remaining on duty with any alcohol
in your system. You are also prohibited from consuming alcohol during working
hours, including meal and break periods. Although some States have legalized
marijuana for medicinal and/or recreational purposes, Rouxbe is not required to
allow the medicinal or recreational use of marijuana in the workplace. Marijuana
use or being under the influence is strictly prohibited on Rouxbe property and
while conducting Rouxbe business.
The only exception to this general rule is that an employee who is at least 21 years
old may consume alcoholic beverages in moderation while voluntarily attending
Company-hosted social functions that occur on or off the premises after normal
working hours, provided that you are not performing work for us at the time of
alcoholic consumption. Under no circumstances should you consume alcohol to
the point of being intoxicated at such events.
Your employment or continued employment with us is conditional upon your full
compliance with the foregoing substance abuse policy. Any violation of this policy
may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Furthermore,
any employee who violates this policy who is subject to termination may be
permitted in lieu of termination, at Rouxbe's sole discretion, to participate in and
successfully complete an appropriate treatment, counseling or rehabilitation
program as recommended by a substance abuse professional as a condition of
continued employment and in accordance with applicable federal, state or
provincial laws.
Consistent with its fair employment policy, we maintain a policy of non-
discrimination and reasonable accommodation with respect to recovering addicts
and alcoholics, and those having a medical history reflecting treatment for
substance abuse conditions. We encourage you to seek assistance before your
substance or alcohol use renders you unable to perform your essential job
functions or jeopardizes the health and safety of yourself or others.
PAGE 69
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

We further reserve the right to take any and all appropriate and lawful actions
necessary to enforce this substance abuse policy. Rouxbe also reserves the right to
test employees for violations of this policy on a post-accident, reasonable
suspicion, or other basis.
This policy represents management guidelines only and should not be interpreted
as a contract of employment.
Prescription Drugs
The legal use of controlled substances, such as prescription drugs prescribed by a
licensed physician, or over-the-counter medications is permitted. However, if you
appear unable to perform your job duties satisfactorily because of the use of these
medications we may require a doctor’s authorization in order to come back to
work. Please notify the Controller if any prescription medication may interfere
with your performance.