2.7 CATEGORIES OF EMPLOYMENT

Introductory Period
All full-time and part-time employees are subject to an introductory period during
their first 90 days of employment. During this period, you will be able to assess if
your new job is suitable for you and your supervisor will have an opportunity to
evaluate your work performance.
● Full-time employees work a minimum of a 40-hour workweek. These
employees are normally eligible for all the benefits listed in this manual,
subject to plan terms.
● Part-time employees work less than 30 hours each week. These employees
are eligible for limited-provided benefits listed in this manual.
● In addition to the preceding, employees are also categorized as "exempt" or
"non-exempt."
o Exempt employees are subject to applicable federal, state, and
provincial law, not entitled to overtime pay, and are not subject to
certain deductions to their weekly salary under Rouxbe’s policies.
o Non-Exempt Employees are entitled to overtime pay as required by
applicable federal, state, and provincial law.
It is our policy that exempt employees’ pay will not be “docked,” or subject to
deductions, in violation of salary pay rules issued by the United States Department
of Labor and any corresponding rules issued by the state government, as
applicable; however, we may make deductions from employees’ salaries in a way
that is permitted under federal, state, and provincial wage and hour rules. Exempt
employees will be reimbursed in full for any isolated, inadvertent, or improper
deductions, as defined by law.
Thus, exempt employees may be subject to the following salary deductions,
except where prohibited by law, including for the following reasons:
● Absences of one or more full days for personal reasons, other than sickness
or disability;
● Absences of one or more full days due to sickness or disability, if there is a
plan, policy, or practice providing replacement compensation for such
PAGE 18
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

absences.
● Absences of one or more full days before eligibility under such a plan, policy,
or practice or after replacement compensation for such absences has been
exhausted.
● Suspension for violations of safety rules of major significance.
● Suspensions of one or more full days for violations of workplace conduct
rules, such as rules against sexual harassment and workplace violence.
● Payment of actual time worked in the first and last weeks of employment,
resulting in a proportional rate of an employee’s full salary.
● Any unpaid leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave Act; or
● Negative paid-time-off balances, in whole-day increments only.
If you are unsure of your exempt or non-exempt classification, inform your
supervisor who will discuss with the Controller regarding the appropriate
classification.