4.7 MATERNITY LEAVE

For US Team Members
An eligible pregnant worker is also entitled to use her 12-week Family and Medical
Leave (FMLA) entitlement for prenatal care and for time off from work due to a
“serious medical condition or to care for a newborn” and for “bonding time” with the
new baby. The FMLA leave must be taken within 12 months of the birth of her child.
Rouxbe will pay the first 6 weeks of a qualified FMLA event for the birth of a baby. The
remainder of the FMLA leave is unpaid. This policy will be administered according to
any applicable state and federal law. It is recommended that each employee
determine the implications of using the applicable disability or benefit program
available in their state of residence and make the best choice in deciding their
individual situations. (Some states, such as Washington, also provide paid sick time in
excess of these benefits and will be factored into available leave compensation
calculations.)
Employees should contact the Controller with questions about these available leave
benefits.
Pregnancy & Parental Leave (For Canadian employees)
Rouxbe recognizes that the birth or adoption of a child is a significant event and
several leaves of absence are permitted depending on the individual’s involvement in
the process.
Rouxbe will pay the first 6 weeks of a qualified event for the birth of a baby. The
Company does not remunerate for additional times on these leaves; financial
assistance is available through the federal Employment Insurance program.
Pregnancy Leave: As per the BC Employment Standards Act, the Company grants
maternity leave of 17 weeks without pay to all female employees. Employees who are
going on pregnancy leave must provide a doctor’s certificate certifying pregnancy.
Pregnancy leave may be taken any time during the period that begins 11 weeks prior
to the expected date of delivery and ends 17 weeks after the actual delivery date. The
pregnancy leave may commence as late as the employee wishes providing that she is
PAGE 44
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

physically able to do her job.
Responsibility - Pregnancy and Parental Leave Notice
Employees are requested to inform their Manager/Supervisor, in writing, at least
four weeks prior to the commencement of either pregnancy or parental leave,
notifying the Company of the intended length of the leave.
Benefits will continue during pregnancy and parental leave. The employee’s
benefit premiums are to be paid by post-dated checks for the duration of the
leave.
Please provide as much notice as possible of your return (at least 4 weeks).
Employees who take pregnancy and parental leave will be reinstated to his/her
former position or be given a comparable position in the same location and with
the same wages and benefits, provided they return within the stated periods.
Rouxbe is not obligated to keep a position open for you beyond the pregnancy and
parental leave periods.