6.6 BULLYING

Bullying is not acceptable or tolerated at Rouxbe. All workers will be treated in a
fair and respectful manner. This policy applies to all employees, including
permanent, temporary, casual, contract, and student workers. It also applies to
interpersonal and electronic communications, such as email. Employees at Rouxbe
must not engage in the bullying of other employees. Employees must report if
bullying is observed or experienced and must comply with this policy.
Bullying
“Bullying” means a single significant incident or a pattern of incidents involving
written, verbal, or electronic communication, or a physical act or gesture, or any
combination thereof, directed at another co-worker which:
1. Physically harms a co-worker or damages the co-worker's property.
2. Causes emotional distress to a co-worker.
3. Interferes with a co-worker's opportunities.
4. Creates a hostile work environment; or
5. Substantially disrupts the orderly operation of the workplace.
PAGE 75
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25

“Bullying” shall include actions motivated by an imbalance of power based on a
co-worker’s actual or perceived personal characteristics, behaviors, or beliefs, or
motivated by the co-worker's association with another person and based on the
other person's characteristics, behaviors, or beliefs.
“Cyberbullying” means conduct as defined above undertaken using electronic
devices. “Electronic devices” include, but are not limited to, telephones, cellular
phones, computers, pagers, electronic mail, instant messaging, text messaging,
and websites.
“Bullying” does not include any reasonable action taken by Rouxbe or a
manager/supervisor relating to the management and direction of workers or the
place of employment.
Managers/Supervisors who fail to take appropriate corrective action when made
aware of bullying of an employee will themselves be subject to disciplinary action.
Those against whom a complaint is found to have substance will be subject to
immediate disciplinary action up to and including termination.
Reporting
Incidents or complaints should be reported as soon as possible after experiencing
or witnessing an incident. This allows the incident to be investigated and
addressed promptly.
Employees can report incidents or complaints of workplace bullying verbally or in
writing to their Manager/Supervisor. When submitting a written complaint, please
use the workplace bullying complaint form. If the complaint is against your
Manager/Supervisor, report the incident to the Controller or COO.
Provide as much information as possible in the report, such as the names of
people involved, witnesses, where the events occurred, when they occurred, and
what behavior and/or words led to the complaint. Attach any supporting
documents, such as emails, handwritten notes, or photographs. Physical evidence,
such as vandalized personal belongings, can also be submitted.
PAGE 76
ROUXBE EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK UPDATED 01/01/25